<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <title>Page 2</title>
    <style type="text/css">
        body {
            background-color: black;
            color: orange;
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;
            margin: 0;
            padding: 20px;
        }
        h1 {
            color: orange;
            text-align: center;
        }
    </style>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>A Brief Summary</h1>
    <p>Let's start with the most important and obvious thing first. I am A Satanist. Not the kind that claims to be a Satanist then just uses him as a political statement or some bullshit. No. Lucifer is a great friend and guide to me, and so are his underlings. To be more specific, my belief system is constantly changing but that is the only constant. I draw influences from many traditions such as Thelema, Vampyrism, Chaos Magick, Sex Magick, Setianism, and perhaps most importantly, Anti-Cosmic Satanism. Some books I can heavily recommend are the liber falxifer series, liber azerate and the book of sitra achra, as well as sekhem apep and the red goddess. This is not all, but they are what came to mind first as I write this. If you are reading this and feel some negative emotion towards this, please keep it to yourself. I promise I do not care about your fraudulent and demiurgic "God."</p>
</body>
</html>